"201 Kitten Verbs, Fully Conjugated". You look for "find".
"50 Years Among the Non-Kitten Items", by Ann Droyd.
99 bottles of beer are on a wall here.
A 100 meter long chain of jumbo paper clips.
A 256 kilobyte write-only memory chip.
A 3-inch floppy disk.
A 3-sided Monty Python record.
A 540Hz tuning fork.
A baboon with a bassoon hoots angrily at you.
A badly dented high-hat cymbal lies on its side here.
A bag of groceries taken off the shelf before the expiration date.
A ball of pocket fluff.
A ball of yarn.
A big bass drum bearing a hole and suspicious clawmarks.
A big chunk of frozen chocolate pudding.
A bitchin' homemade tesla coil.
A blank deposit slip.
A bobolink is twittering a happy tune here.
A book: Feng Shui, Zen: the art of randomly arranging items that are not kitten.
A book with "Don't Panic" in large friendly letters across the cover.
A bottle of distilled water.
A bottle of hair tonic.
A bottle of oil! Refreshing!
A bottle of smelling salts.
A bowling ball with the name "Bob" inscribed on it.
A bowl of cherries.
A box of brand-new nixie tubes.
A box of dancing mechanical pencils. They dance! They sing!
A box of fumigation pellets.
A brain cell. Oddly enough, it seems to be functioning.
A breadbox. Nope, Kitten isn't in the breadbox.
A briefcase filled with spy stuff.
A broken metronome sits here, it's needle off to one side.
A Buttertonsils bar.
A caboodle.
A canister of pressurized whipped cream, sans whipped cream.
A can of Spam Lite.
A card shark sits here, practicing his Faro shuffle. He ignores you.
A card sharp sits here, practicing his Faro shuffle. He ignores you.
A chain hanging from two posts reminds you of the Gateway Arch.
A cluster of cattails are growing here.
A coat hanger hovers in thin air. Odd.
A cockatoo shrieks at you.
A compendium of haiku about metals.
A copy of DeCSS. They're a dime a dozen these days.
A copy of the Weekly World News. Watch out for the chambered nautilus!
A coupon for one free steak-fish at your local family diner.
A crouton.
A crowd of people, and at the center, a popular misconception.
A crystal ball. It doesn't seem to know where Kitten is.
A cyclops glowers angrily at you.
A dangly thing mangled by Kitten.
A dark-emitting diode.
"Address Allocation for Private Internets" by Yakov Rekhter et al.
A demonic voice proclaims "There is no kitten, only Zuul". You flee.
A digital clock. It's stuck at 2:17 PM.
A discarded bagpipe chanter reed.
A discarded pop bottle.
A discarded refrigerator box. Nope, Kitten isn't in the box.
A discredited cosmology, relic of a bygone era.
A dodecahedron bars your way.
A dumpster full of hair.
A family of integrals are here integrating.
A flamboyant feather boa. Now you can dress up like Carol Channing!
A flyer advertising a sale at Spatula City.
A flyer reads, "Please donate hydraulic fluid"
A forgotten telephone switchboard.
A forgotten telephone switchboard operator.
A freshly-baked pumpkin pie.
A frosted pink party-cake, half eaten.
A "Get Out of Jail Free" card.
A geyser sprays water high into the air.
A glorious fan of peacock feathers.
A gravestone stands here. "Izchak Miller, ascended."
A green yo-yo.
A grin.
A haircut and a real job. Now you know where to get one!
A hairless rat.
A half-eaten cheese sandwich.
A hammock stretched between a tree and a volleyball pole.
A hedgehog. It looks like it knows something important.
A helicopter has crashed here.
A herd of wild coffee mugs slumber here.
A herd of wild coffee mugs slumbers here.
A historical marker showing the actual location of /dev/null.
A hollow voice says "Fool."
A hollow voice says "Plugh".
Ah, the skirl of the pipes and the rustle of the silicon...
Ah, the uniform of a Revolutionary-era minuteman.
Air.
Air Guitar!!! NA na NA na!!
A jar of dehydrated water.
A jar of library paste.
A jar of Vegemite is playing hopscotch here.
A ketchup bottle (nearly empty).
A kitten sink, for washing kitten (if only kitten liked water).
A kitten source (to match the kitten sink).
A knight who says "Either I am an insane knave, or you will find kitten."
A large blue eye floats in midair.
A large pile of rubber bands.
A large snake bars your way.
A largish bath towel.
A leather pouch filled with multisided dice.
Alien underwear.
A little glass tub of Carmex. ($.89) Too bad you have no lips.
A livery stable! Get your livery!
A lone, forgotten comma, sits here, sobbing.
A lotus. You make an interesting pair.
A magical... magic thing.
A marijuana brownie.
A mason jar lies here open. It's label reads: "do not open!".
A mathematician calculates the halting probability of a Turing machine.
A meerkat... not even close.
A Mentos wrapper.
A mere collection of pixels.
A milk carton, with a black and white picture of kitten on the side.
A mouse.
An 80286 machine.
An abandoned used-car lot.
An AK-47 rifle.
An AK-97 rifle.
An animate blob of acid. Being metallic, you keep well away.
An aromatherapy candle burns with healing light.
An atomic vector plotter.
An autographed copy of "Primary Colors", by Anonymous.
An automated robot-doubter. It doesn't believe in you.
An automated robot-hater. It frowns disapprovingly at you.
An automated robot-liker. It smiles at you.
An eminently forgettable zahir.
An empty Altoids tin.
An empty coaxial cable spool.
An empty Penguin Mints tin.
An empty shopping bag. Paper or plastic?
An Enfield Mk3 rifle.
A neural net -- maybe it's trying to recognize kitten.
An expired transistor.
An FN-FAL rifle.
An ice cube.
An incredibly expensive "Mad About You" collector plate.
An M16 rifle.
An M1911A1 pistol.
An M9 pistol.
An old bootable business card, unfortunately cracked down the middle.
An old pattern is here going on and on.
An old rusty revolver.
A non-descript box of crackers.
Another rabbit? That's three today!
An oven mitt with kittens on it.
An overflowing bit bucket.
An overturned bottle of ink and lots of kitten pawprints.
A number of short theatrical productions are indexed 1, 2, 3, ... n.
An unlicensed nuclear accelerator.
Any ordinary robot could see from a mile away that this wasn't kitten.
A packet of catnip.
A packet of pipe cleaners.
A pair of combat boots.
A pair of saloon-style doors swing slowly back and forth here.
A paper shopping bag. Nope, Kitten isn't in the bag.
A parrot, kipping on its back.
A patch from the Mammoth Caves.
A patch of grape jelly grows here.
A patch of mushrooms grows here.
A pile of coaxial plumbing lies here.
A pile of coconuts.
A pink plastic watering can.
A piping-hot pizza. Useless.
A pizza, melting in the sun.
A plastic model of Kitten.
A plush Chewbacca.
Apparently, it's Edmund Burke.
Approaching. One car. J. Followed by. Two car. M, M. In five. Minutes.
A puddle of chocolate sauce.
A puddle of mud, where the mudskippers play.
A punch bowl, filled with punch and lemon slices.
A radio hisses away. Kitten must have been here.
A rancid corn dog.
A Remington 870 shotgun.
A robot comedian. You feel amused.
A rusty melon-baller.
A rusty slinky. It was such a wonderful toy!
A sack of doorknobs.
A sack of hammers.
A sack of wet mice.
A salmon hatchery? Look again. It's merely a single salmon.
A Sanrio catalog.
A scrap of parchment bears the single word, "meow".
A scratching-post.
A screwdriver.
A section of glowing phosphor cells sings a song of radiation to you.
A set of keys to a 2001 Rolls Royce. Worthless.
A shameless plug for Crummy: http://www.crummy.com/
A shameless plug for Frotz: http://www.cs.csubak.edu/@@126dgriffi/proj/frotz/
A shameless plug for the UCLA Linux Users Group: http://linux.ucla.edu/
Ash is mumbling "KLAATU BARATA NI<coughcough>" here.
A signpost saying "TO KITTEN". It points in no particular direction.
A sign reads "Don't step on the Mome Raths".
A sign reads: "Go home!"
A sign reads: "No robots allowed!"
A singing frog. Useless.
A slightly-used smellovision set.
A smoking branding iron shaped like a 24-pin connector.
A spindle, and a grindle, and a bucka-wacka-woom!
A stack of 7 inch floppies wobbles precariously.
A statue of a girl holding a goose like the one in Gottingen, Germany.
A steam-powered bunnytron.
A stegosaurus, escaped from the stegosaurusfindsrobot game. It finds you.
A sub-atomic particle languishes here all alone.
A Swiss-Army knife. All of its appendages are out. (toothpick lost)
A team of arctic explorers is camped here.
A technical university in Australia.
A tetradrachm dated "42 B.C."
A Texas Instruments of Destruction calculator.
A tiny ceramic Kitten. It's probably not the Kitten you're looking for.
A toenail? What good is a toenail?
A toilet bowl occupies this space.
A ton of feathers.
A traffic signal. It appears to have been recently vandalized.
A train of thought chugs through here.
A trash compactor, compacting away.
A travel-sized cyclotron.
A tree with some jelly nailed to it.
A tribe of cannibals lives here. They eat Malt-O-Meal for breakfast, you know.
A troll. Ewww!!!
A tube of toothpaste. Too bad you have no teeth.
A tube of white lithium grease. Perfect for your robotic joints.
A tuft of kitten fur, but no kitten.
A vase full of artificial flowers is stuck to the floor here.
A vase of roses.
A voice booms out "Onward, kitten soldiers..."
A willing, ripe tomato bemoans your inability to digest fruit.
A wireframe model of a hot dog rotates in space here.
A wondrous and intricate golden amulet. Too bad you have no neck.
A zorkmid coin.
Baling wire and chewing gum.
Bibbidy bibbidy bibbidy bibbidy bibbidy bibbidy...
Big Bird is here looking for Mr. Looper.
Billions and billions of things that aren't Kitten.
Biscuits.
"Blup, blup, blup", says the mud pot.
Bright copper kettles.
BURRRRP!!!! Flavorful and full of protein!
Butane!!!
Carbonated Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Color, Phosphoric Acid, Flavors, Caffeine.
Carlos Tarango stands here, doing his best impression of Pat Smear.
Catsup and Mustard all over the place! It's the Human Hamburger!
Chewing gum and baling wire.
Clang, clang, clang goes the tranny!
Clifford Stoll is here selling Klein bottles.
Conan O'Brian, sans jawbone.
Could it be... a big ugly bowling trophy?
Daily hunger conditioner from Australasia
Dancing cold water pipes. Mikey must have been here.
Darth Vader is here looking for his Teddywookie.
"Dear robot, you may have already won our 10 MILLION DOLLAR prize..."
Definitely not Kitten.
Dinsdale!
Diogenes is here demanding whisky.
Dirty socks.
"Dogbert's tech support, how may I abuse you?"
Doodles Weaver is here looking over a horse race schedule.
Ed McMahon stands here, lost in thought. Seeing you, he bellows, "YES SIR!"
Ed Witten sits here, pondering string theory.
Empty jewelboxes litter the landscape.
Faboo!
Fonzie sits here, mumbling incoherently about a shark and a pair of waterskis.
For a moment, you feel something in your hands, but it disappears!
Free Dmitry Sklyarov!
Free Jon Johansen!
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU ...
"Go back to Libraria!", says Pat Schroeder.
Grind 'em up, spit 'em out, they're twigs.
Heart of Darkness brand pistachio nuts.
Heeeeeeeeeeeeres Johnny!
Hello, nurse!
Hello, sailor!
Here is a book about Robert Kennedy.
Here is no kitten but only rock, rock and no kitten and the sandy road.
Here's Cal Worthington and his dog "Spot"!
Here's Pete Peterson. His batteries seem to have long gone dead.
Hey, I bet you thought this was kitten.
Hey, look, it's war. What is it good for? Absolutely nothing. Say it again.
Hey, robot, leave those lists alone.
"Hi, I'm Anson Williams, TV's 'Potsy'."
Ho hum. Another synthetic a posteriori.
"How in heck can I wash my neck if it ain't gonna rain no more?" asks Farmer Al.
Hydraulic fluid and jagged metal bits. You recoil from the scene of carnage.
I don't know what that is, but it's not kitten.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
If it's one thing, it's not another.
"I pity the fool who mistakes me for kitten!", sez Mr. T.
Is that an elephant's head or a winged sandal?
It is a cloud shaped like an ox.
It is a marzipan dreadnought that appears to have melted and stuck.
It is an ancient mariner, and he stoppeth one of three.
It is a set of wind-up chatter teeth.
It is -- I just feel something wonderful is about to happen.
It pleases you to be kind to what appears to be kitten -- but it's not!
It's 1000 secrets the government doesn't want you to know!
It's a banana! Oh, joy!
It's a big block of ice. Something seems to be frozen inside it.
It's a big smoking fish.
It's a black hole. Don't fall in!
It's a blatant plug for Ogg Vorbis, http://www.vorbis.com/
It's a blind man. When you touch, he exclaims "It's a kitten prospecting robot!"
It's a blob of white goo.
It's a bottle of nail polish remover.
It's a bug.
It's a burrito stand flyer. "Taqueria El Ranchito".
It's a business plan for a new startup, kitten.net.
It's a cardboard box full of 8-tracks.
It's a Cat 5 cable.
It's a catalog from some company called Infocom.
It's a charcoal briquette, smoking away.
It's a clue!
It's a cookie shaped like a kitten.
It's a copy of Knuth with the chapter on kitten-search algorithms torn out.
It's a copy of the robotfindskitten EULA.
It's a copy of "The Rubaiyat of Spike Schudy".
It's a copy of "Zen and The Art of Robot Maintenance".
It's a dark, amphorous blob of matter.
It's a DVD of "Crouching Monkey, Hidden Kitten", region encoded for the moon.
It's a Dvorak keyboard.
It's a fly on the wall. Hi, fly!
It's a free beer cozy (with your paid subscription.)
It's a free Dmitry Sklyarov!
It's a free Jon Johansen!
It's a funky beat!
It's a giant slorr!
It's a gun of some sort.
It's a hologram of a crashed helicopter.
It's a "HOME ALONE 2: Lost in New York" novelty cup.
It's a hundred-dollar bill.
It's a Java applet.
It's a limbo bar! How low can you go?
It's a Linux install CD.
IT'S ALIVE! AH HA HA HA HA!
It's all a dream.
It's a lost wallet. It's owner didn't have pets, so you discard it.
It's a mighty zombie talking about some love and prosperity.
It's a moment of silence.
It's a mousetrap, baited with soap.
It's an altar to the horse god.
It's an autographed copy of "Secondary Colors," by Bob Ross.
It's an autographed copy of "Secondary Colors", by Bob Ross.
It's an automated robot-disdainer. It pretends you're not there.
It's Andrew Plotkin plotting something.
It's a NetBSD install CD.
It's an Internet chain letter about sodium laureth sulfate.
It's an inverted billiard ball!
It's an old Duke Ellington record.
It's an ordinary bust of Beethoven... but why is it painted green?
It's another robot, more advanced in design than you but strangely immobile.
It's a perpetual immobility machine.
It's a piece of cloth used to cover a stage in between performances.
It's a pool with a straw in it.
It's a portable hole. A sign reads: "Closed for the winter".
It's a Quaker Oatmeal tube, converted into a drum.
It's a recursive recursive recursive recursive recursive...
It's a revised business plan for a new startup, my.kitten.net.
It's a rim shot. Ba-da-boom!
It's a roll of industrial-strength copper wire.
It's a rotten old shoe.
It's a segmentation fault. Core dumped, by the way.
It's a Shamrock Shake(tm). At least I hope it is.
It's Asimov's Laws of Robotics. You feel a strange affinity for them.
It's a solitary vaccuum tube.
It's a solitary vacuum tube.
It's a squad of Keystone Kops.
It's a square.
It's a stupid mask, fashioned after a beagle.
It's a symbol. You see in it a model for all symbols everywhere.
It's a synthetic a priori truth! Immanuel would be so pleased!
It's a tape of '70s rock. All original hits! All original artists!
It's a tribute to fishnet stockings.
It's a U.S. president.
It's a wonderful life.
It's a zen simulation, trapped within an ASCII character.
It's Babe Flathead's favorite bat.
It's Bach's Mass in B-minor!
It's Brian Kernigan.
It's "Chicken Soup for the Kitten-seeking Soulless Robot."
It's creepy and it's kooky, mysterious and spooky. It's also somewhat ooky.
It's cute like a kitten, but isn't a kitten.
It's Death.
It's Dennis Ritchie.
It seems to be a copy of "A Tail of Two Kitties".
It's either a mirror, or another soulless kitten-seeking robot.
It's Emporer Shaddam the 4th's planet!
It's "Finding kitten", published by O'Reilly and Associates.
It's Grundle, the Green Dragon.
It's just an object.
It's Kieran Hervold. Damn dyslexia!
It's KITT, the talking car.
It's Lucy Ricardo. "Aaaah, Ricky!", she says.
It's Mary Poppins!
It's nothing but a corrupted floppy. Coaster anyone?
It's nothing but a G-thang, baby.
It's nothing in particular.
It's Princess Leia, the yodel of life.
It's Professor Feedlebom.
It's Rhindle, the Red Dragon.
It's Richard Nixon's nose!
It's Roya Naini.
It's scenery for "Waiting for Godot".
It's Sirhan-Sirhan, looking guilty.
It's some compromising photos of Babar the Elephant.
It's the amazing self-referential thing that's not kitten.
It's the ASCII Floating Head of Seth David Schoen!
It's the astounding meta-object.
It's the author of "Randomness and Mathematical Proof".
It's the Bass-Matic '76! Mmm, that's good bass!
It's the constellation Pisces.
It's the cork to someone's lunch.
It's the crusty exoskeleton of an arthropod!
It's the Donation of Constantine!
It's the embalmed corpse of Vladimir Lenin.
It's the Golden Banana of Discord!
It's the handheld robotfindskitten game, by Tiger.
It's the horizon. Now THAT'S weird.
It's the instruction manual for a previous version of this game.
It's the local draft board.
It's the missing chapter to "A Clockwork Orange".
It's the phrase "and her", written in ancient Greek.
It's the proverbial wet blanket.
It's the Tiki Room.
It's the triangle leg adjacent to an angle divided by the leg opposite it.
It's the Will Rogers Highway. Who was Will Rogers, anyway?
It's this message, nothing more.
It's TV's lovable wisecracking Crow! "Bite me!", he says.
It's Uncle Doctor Hurkamur!
It's "War and Peace" (unabridged, very small print).
It's Yorgle, the Yellow Dragon.
It's your favorite game -- robotfindscatan!
Judith Platt insults librarians.
Just a big brick wall.
Just a box of backscratchers.
Just a broken hard drive containg the archives of Nerth Pork.
Just a cage of white mice.
Just a man selling an albatross.
Just a moldy loaf of bread.
Just a monitor with the blue element burnt out.
Just an autographed copy of the Kama Sutra.
Just a pincushion.
Just some glop of some sort.
Just some old play by a Czech playwright, and you can't read Czech.
Just some stuff.
Just some swamp gas.
Just the empty husk of a locust.
Just Walter Mattheau and Jack Lemmon.
"Kibo was here"
"Kilroy was here"
Kitten is the letter 'Q'. Oh, wait, maybe not.
"Lend us a fiver 'til Thursday", pleas Andy Capp.
Leonard Richardson is here, asking people to lick him.
Long lost needle nose pliers.
Look at that, it's the Crudmobile.
Look, it's Fanny the Irishman!
Look out! Exclamation points!
Lysine, an essential amino acid. Well, maybe not for robots.
"Mail Routing and the Domain System" by Craig Partridge.
Marvin is complaining about the pain in the diodes down his left side.
"Meow meow meow meow..." How discouraging! It's only a recording.
More grist for the mill.
"Move along! Nothing to see here!"
Mr. Hooper is here, surfing.
Mr. Kamikaze and Mr. DNA are here drinking tea.
Ne'er but a potted plant.
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
No kitten here.
"No!" says the bit.
Not kitten, just a packet of Kool-Aid(tm).
Oh boy! Grub! Er, grubs.
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND CARPET FIBERS!!!!!
One of the few remaining discoes.
One of those stupid "Homes of the Stars" maps.
One person shouts "What do we want?" The crowd answers "Free Dmitry!"
"On this spot in 1962, Henry Winkler was sick."
Ooh, shiny!
Paul Moyer's necktie.
Plenty of nothing.
"Plexar was here"
Preoccupation with finding kitten prevents you from investigating further.
Pumpkin pie spice.
Quidquid Latine dictum sit, kitten non est.
Rene Descarte is whistling a happy tune here.
"Robot may not injure kitten, or, through inaction, ..."
Robot should not be touching that.
Roger Avery, persona un famoso de los Estados Unidos.
Run away! Run away!
Seargent Duffy is here.
Seven 1/4" screws and a piece of plastic.
Several meters of cat5 cable.
Sigmund Freud is here asking about your mother.
Slack!
Snarf?
Some coconut crabs are milling about here.
Someone has written "ad aerarium" on the ground here.
Someone is talking to Ralph on the big white phone here.
Someone's identity disk lies here.
Some sort of electronic handheld game from the 1970s.
Something is written here in the dust. You read: "rJbotfndQkttten".
So, THAT's what an invisible barrier looks like!
Spoon!!!
Stimutacs.
"Sure hope we get some rain soon," says Farmer Joe.
Sutro Tower is visible at some distance through the fog.
Talcum powder.
Tea and/or crumpets.
Ten yards of avocado-green shag carpet.
Thar's Mobius Dick, the convoluted whale. Arrr!
That's just a charred human corpse.
That's just an old tin can.
The boom box cranks out an old Ethel Merman tune.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.
The dirty old tramp bemoans the loss of his harmonica.
The ghost of your dance instructor, his face a paper-white mask of evil.
The Inform Designer's Manual (4th edition)
The intermission from a 1930s silent movie.
The ionosphere seems charged with meaning.
The letters O and R.
The Monolith of Spam towers above you.
The non-kitten item bites!
The non-kitten item like this but with "false" and "true" switched is true.
The non-kitten item like this but with "true" and "false" switched is false.
The object pushes back at you.
There is an opulent throne here.
"There is no kitten!" cackles the old crone. You are shocked by her blasphemy.
There is no tea here.
There's nothing here; it's just an optical illusion.
The rothe hits! The rothe hits!
The score for a Czech composer's "Kitten-Finding Symphony in C".
These aren't ordinary beans. They're magic beans!
The spectre of Sherlock Holmes wills you onwards.
The swampy ground around you seems to stink with disease.
"The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism" by Emmanuel Goldstein.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
The World's Biggest Motzah Ball!
The world's largest ball of pocket lint.
...thingy???
This appears to be a rather large stack of trashy romance novels.
This appears to be a statue of Perseus.
This balogna has a first name, it's R-A-N-C-I-D.
This copy of "Steal This Book" has been stolen from a bookstore.
This corroded robot is clutching a mitten.
This grain elevator towers high above you.
This invisible box contains a pantomime horse.
This is a Lagrange point. Don't come too close now.
This is a large brown bear. Oddly enough, it's currently peeing in the woods.
This is an anagram.
This is another fine mess you've gotten us into, Stanley.
This is a porcelain kitten-counter. 0, 0, 0, 0, 0...
This is a remote control. Being a robot, you keep a wide berth.
This is a tasty-looking banana creme pie.
This is a television. On screen you see a robot strangely similar to yourself.
This isn't the item you're looking for.
This is the chapter called "A Map of the Cat?" from Feynman's autobiography.
This is the forest primeval.
This is the tenth key you've found so far.
This is the world-famous Chain of Jockstraps.
This jar of pickles expired in 1957.
This jukebox has nothing but Cliff Richards albums in it.
This kind of looks like kitten, but it's not.
This kit is the fourteenth in a series of kits named with Roman letters.
This looks like Bradley's "Appearance and Reality", but it's really not.
This map is not the territory.
This might be the fountain of youth, but you'll never know.
This non-kitten item no verb.
This nonkitten may contain peanuts.
This object here appears to be Louis Farrakhan's bow tie.
This object is like an analogy.
This particular monstrosity appears to be ENIAC.
This peg-leg is stuck in a knothole!
This place is called Antarctica. There is no kitten here.
This seems to be junk mail addressed to the finder of the Eye of Larn.
This smiling family is happy because they eat LARD.
This subwoofer was blown out in 1974.
This toaster strudel is riddled with bullet holes!
This tomography is like, hella axial, man!
This TRS-80 III is eerily silent.
This was no boating accident!
Three half-pennies and a wooden nickel.
Thunder, Thunder, Thunder, Thunder Cats!!!
Tigerbot Hesh.
"Topsoil's all gone, ma," weeps Lil' Greg.
TV says donuts are high in fat.
'Twas brillig in the slivey-toves...
Two crepes, two crepes in a box.
Vladimir Lenin's casket rests here.
Wait! This isn't the poker chip! You've been tricked! DAMN YOU, MENDEZ!
Werner's "Pocket Field Guide to Things That Are Not Kitten".
We wish you a merry kitten, and a happy New Year!
What in blazes is this?
What's that blue thing doing here?
Why are you touching this when you should be finding kitten?
YEEEEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAAA!!!!!
"Yes!" says the bit.
You can see right through this copy of Brin's "Transparent Society".
You disturb a murder of crows.
You feel strangely unfulfilled.
You find a bright shiny penny.
You find a fraud scheme in which loans are used as security for other loans.
You found Chinchilla! Too bad this isn't "Robot Finds Chinchilla".
You found kitten! No, just kidding.
You found netkit! Way to go, robot!
You found nettik, but that's backwards.
You found Parakeet. Too bad this isn't "Robot Finds Parakeet".
You found Puppy! Too bad this isn't "Robot Finds Puppy".
You found the marble in the oatmeal!
You have found some zinc, but you must not stop here, for you must find kitten.
You have new mail in /var/spool/robot
You hit the non-kitten item. The non-kitten item fails to yowl.
You really don't want to know what this is.
Your pal Floyd is here and wants to play Hucka-Bucka-Beanstalk.
Your State Farm Insurance(tm) representative!
You see a snowflake here, melting slowly.
You stumble upon Bill Gates' stand-up act.
You suddenly yearn for your distant homeland.
You've found Harvey, the Wonder Hamster!
You've found... Oh wait, that's just a cat.
You've found the fabled America Online disk graveyard!
You've found the fish! Not that it does you much good in this game.
You've found the snows of yesteryear! So that's where they all went to.
